Adds 17.12 release notes and hero image (#140)
gitkraken/gitlens-docs: gitlens/gitlens-release-notes-current.md

### Commit Graph Sidebar

The Commit Graph now includes an expandable sidebar that puts branches, remotes, stashes, tags, and worktrees within easy reach. Toggle between list and tree layouts, see real-time status indicators, and use context menus and inline actions to operate on refs without leaving the graph.

### Conflict Resolution in the Interactive Rebase Editor

When a rebase encounters conflicts, the Interactive Rebase Editor now surfaces a dedicated conflict files panel. Each conflicting file shows per-file conflict counts, a status indicator, and actions to view either the current or incoming changes.

### Faster Inline Blame

Inline blame annotations are now faster and more responsive. Instead of spawning a new Git process on every save, blame is served from an in-memory snapshot with drift-based invalidation that prevents auto-save thrashing and maintains accurate blame attribution even in dirty documents. Annotations also now render incrementally as results stream in from Git, with viewport-aware updates and parallelized avatar loading, so you see results sooner rather than waiting for the entire file to complete.

### MCP Agent Expansion

> The GitKraken MCP server can now be registered with additional AI agents detected on your machine, including Claude Desktop, Codex, and Gemini CLI. Connect them after MCP installation or via the "Connect More Agents" action in the Home view and Welcome page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitKraken MCP server can now be registered with additional AI agents detected on your machine, including Claude Desktop, Codex, and Gemini CLI. Connect them after MCP installation or via the "Connect More Agents" action in the Home view, Welcome view, or Command Palette.
```
